Add Query Insights local index delete after documentation (#9052)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/query-insights/top-n-queries.md

### Configuring a debug exporter

To use the debug exporter, update the exporter type for each metric type. For example, send the following request:

```json
PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent" : {
    "search.insights.top_queries.latency.exporter.type" : "debug", 
    "search.insights.top_queries.cpu.exporter.type" : "debug",
    "search.insights.top_queries.memory.exporter.type" : "debug"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Configuring a local index exporter

> A local index exporter allows you to save top N query data to indices in your OpenSearch domain. Query Insights manages the creation of these indices, following the naming pattern `top_queries-YYYY.MM.dd-xxxxx`. A new index is created daily. Local index exporter must be enabled to allow historical top N lookups via the `top_queries` API or the Query Insights Dashboard.

Author: Yes, good idea

### Configuring a debug exporter

> To use the debug exporter, update the exporter type to `debug` for each metric type. For example, to use the debug exporter for all metric types, send the following request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the debug exporter, change the exporter type to `debug` for each metric type. For example, to use the debug exporter for all metric types, send the following request:
```

```json
PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent" : {
    "search.insights.top_queries.latency.exporter.type" : "debug", 
    "search.insights.top_queries.cpu.exporter.type" : "debug",
    "search.insights.top_queries.memory.exporter.type" : "debug"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Configuring a local index exporter

> A local index exporter allows you to save top N query data to automatically created indexes in your OpenSearch domain. Query Insights creates these indexes following the naming pattern `top_queries-YYYY.MM.dd-hashcode`, where `hashcode` is a 5-digit number generated based on the current UTC date. A new index is created daily. For historical top N lookups using the Top Queries API or the Query Insights Dashboard, you must enable the local index exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local index exporter allows you to save top N query data to indexes that are automatically created in your OpenSearch domain. Query Insights creates these indexes following the naming pattern `top_queries-YYYY.MM.dd-hashcode`, where `hashcode` is a 5-digit number generated based on the current UTC date. A new index is created daily. For historical top N lookups using the Top Queries API or the Query Insights Dashboard, you must enable the local index exporter.
```

> To use the local index exporter, set the exporter type to `local_index` for the desired metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the local index exporter, set the exporter type for the desired metrics to `local_index`:
```

```json
PUT _cluster/settings
{
  "persistent" : {
    "search.insights.top_queries.latency.exporter.type" : "local_index",
    "search.insights.top_queries.cpu.exporter.type" : "local_index",
    "search.insights.top_queries.memory.exporter.type" : "local_index"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Use the `delete_after_days` setting (integer) to specify the duration, in days, for automatically deleting local indexes. Query Insights runs a scheduled job once per day to delete top N local indexes older than the specified number of days. The default value for `delete_after_days` is 7, with valid values ranging from `1` to `180`. This setting applies to local index exporters of all metric types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `delete_after_days` setting (integer) to specify the number of days after which local indexes are automatically deleted. Query Insights runs a scheduled job once per day to delete top N local indexes older than the specified number of days. The default value for `delete_after_days` is 7, with valid values ranging from `1` to `180`. This setting applies to local index exporters of all metric types.
```
